You divide everything
Whether or hate the good I love you
Enemy, friend or inside or outside wall
And like saying that there is only choose either
Do not think that I might be there is a third way
So this corner
Thorough discussion
If you
I told you that you would bisect anything to the abolished parrot rat,
How is the place?
Yeah I've heard that I would like to have a thorough debate
Let's introduce the frog as soon as it feels like it
This Ano fact, so I think I have chosen to read the original Colonel's this Ya''s this variety
What
That 's why the debate is kind of surprised words
Women's I thought I wonder if such about my girls ish I women's ish story'm like Toka guy
I chose just what I got from the back
So we will ask Shimasu
In Hey it vc name 5 e 3 is
Aa Naa
Confession is
It waits to be Jo and fore to be from their own Kao
You may say that you two are males but you want me to be a woman
is not it
I have only been winterized, but keep in mind
Hey swim
It went so so
Alle
Hey That Is that what so because more and more do not seem Whoa
scared
The child is to do
Perhaps it will end Once you put out Curran
That's right but it won't end even if it's not done
If not done, the fun relationship will continue
I want to be more than that
I'm afraid what do but I'm not that well down not a helpless helpless
There is a cat yes it
To let
Do you urge
It sounds to a prearranged say it Naso somewhat
0 likes'm there is a window in a place like this and I like it a look
I wonder if I 'm playing in the middle of a puzzle like jaguar
Because I like it
Simple, or may I was talking about something Ya Datte Yeah Anone
Even if you think that it is no good, nobody will finish it if you don't say it anymore
It is what might partner says may not show that kind of there in the
I thought I that there is no shit I think I wonder if go mountain Danko because I do not want Do not useless Nante it
I will not go, but I will think so
Said for good sake this other to be coming composed by I will not you or just before a certain and anxiety 's
When I think I Do not there is also a bad pattern
Something else
It is impossible not to say so
Wearing or indeed
I should have thought so already in Iwanaga no good
I'm not good enough.